docs: promote base.hocon for mutable configs (#2819)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/configuration/listener.md

::: tip

You can also configure listeners via Dashboard by clicking **Management** -> **Listeners** on the left navigation menu of the Dashboard.
If you want to configure listeners from config files, it is recommended to use `base.hocon` instead of `emqx.conf`.

> Because if the config is in `emqx.conf`, the changes made from the Dashboard will only take effect temporarily until EMQX restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because if the configuration is set in emqx.conf, any changes made through the Dashboard will only be temporary and will be lost upon EMQX restart.
```
